oh I do not believe the game is to call
new old man face that hell of
Diogo the law started along not fucking
I believe human
the beauty people who talk about the fact
bring another video for you we are
here again playing geometry let
To hell with this game.
mischief at the hands of time and games here
I already know it's going to suck.
I know I 'm going to be nervous, I trained
phase eight, but I do not
I managed to pass then, you see, right?
the next we will come back here I like
much of the time and 10 but it was a lot
very very very very long when
joão pessoa when you played the phone only there
she is not good
time is the best computer athlete
but in my case then I'll try
play here again try to pass this
phase that I have not been able to
and we will stop this torture.
here mother once when a work
finished map with the video and how much more
a kind so the business controversy that
It came quickly and you want it
It hurts me very ethically just to screw me
much video ends up with a very defeat
Poorly sized
because this is how it works between 10 and
80 but it is a good time does not
It's so good, let's start here.
million than the first
dude, you 're going to have a sister.
there's no way the game works is good here
strange is she begins to change the
game
bora bora it starts to turn from one side
and from the other down to hell
and it was on earth around here and only tends to
getting worse only tends to worsen this disgrace
here then I think I deserve
I deserve it, I deserve that you have a
Film max video depo provera deserves
so much so I deserve but with balance
And you saw yourself
like this story fucking me then
huh
you want to screw me earlier lippi
Let's go in that fifth more
calm to happen playing in another
time soundproofing in the studio
because nobody is going to take this from me
way created the building is an attack on
beauty at the beginning I left it up there
now for you the bar of evolution
that we have in the game is easy for
you look in front of you give with rose
more or less than this brother and oxy
ground this game is that it is pure
black is hand black hole more and gets
cr more nervous the more saw but
always gets nervous that infinite loop
that you just get nervous and only one
only problem you can rest assured that
I will not break the keyboard our house
it was expensive on a low keyboard
ai caramba to also fuming but
not so much
rubens piece here now invades the screen
What a beauty, Beauty
This inversion bothers me so much.
the other worst roof when it gets
head down and whole bull here not
spend so much understood the catchy
Population was already beauty.
jumps okay okay okay
the black buff lac off will play a lot
black so I do not know why but I
I prefer here here here then
bernardinho also warms popular looks is
three bonus mi but it was almost
to boot not in front
River
Bonus, again, no water, I will not do it.
But it's good to bora bora, if you can
I do not know how to speak
I'm just silly, bro!
that's what I 've been feeling but I
I miss here the summit and that
I put game in place but I say old
blow dump not again in the new hand
now it's going to be rafah and boy did
now again
tatá and now
now I'm not even carioca ronaldo mano velho
where nobody notices mano do not invent anything
what happened there the old man is not in the street
the part itself as direct
human
now will play will play will change the
place where it is possible from iran
Amano in front of you will not
That's it, let's play it, it's going to be a
no crap
not again not only to the ae and not
Motherfucker, beauty again.
hell human face of a bitch is not
possible to rule the world as never
created this old game is a demon is not
possible to keep bringing a piece of the
hell to mother earth
No, it was not the old man again in this shit.
partly hand
u1 had no old car
Arrives tomorrow, no more.
more human strength series arrives arrives
here it was serious I will not go back
for this business unless I know more
you like it so much, it's possible
enjoy the video lagoon that aims to
show that you like it, it's not worth speaking
I was much more open